To enable EDT emulation, put the line
 
   require ("edt");

in your jed.rc (.jedrc) file.

By default, the value of the Gold-Key is system-dependent.  On Unix
and VMS systems, it corresponds to the actual Gold key on a vtXXX
terminal.  Such a key sends "\eOP".  Unfortunately most users are
not using a terminal that has such a key.  For such users a
different key can be used as the Gold-Key, as described below.
 
Versions of jed for DOS/Windows can use the NumLock key as the
Gold-Key.  This is controlled by the NUMLOCK_IS_GOLD variable.  If
that variable has a non-zero value when this file is loaded, then
the NumLock key will generate "\eOP".  Otherwise, it is assumed
that the Gold-Key corresponds to the F1 key.  

To specify a different value, e.g., the value of the F7 key, use
 
   require ("keydefs");
   variable Key_Gold = Key_F7;
   require ("edt");
 
in your jedrc file.  

Differences between EDT and Jed's EDT emulation
-----------------------------------------------
	      
Hopefully, you will not notice any difference if you use the keypad keys. I
have done my best to ensure that the functionality of the application-keypad
is preserved.

By default, JED binds Ctrl-H to help.  EDT on VMS uses Ctrl-H to move
to the beginning of the line.  If you want this behavior instead of
JED's, then put the lines

   unsetkey ("^H"); 
   setkey ("bol", "^H");

in your jed.rc (.jedrc) file AFTER the require("edt.sl") statement.

There appears to be no standard set of GOLD-X (X represents a
character in the set [A-Z]) key definitions.  For this reason, I have
defined only a few combinations. However, this should not stop you
from defining your own.

I have defined 2 GOLD key combinitions:  GOLD-E and GOLD-Q.  Both of these
are bound to the "exit" command.

If you would like to bind additional GOLD-X key combinations, then it
is very easy. For example, suppose you want GOLD-I to insert a file
into the buffer, GOLD-W to write the buffer to a file, and GOLD-S to
switch to a previous buffer.  Then add the following to your .jedrc
(jed.rc) file:

    setkey ("insert_file",         Key_Gold + "I");
    setkey ("write_buffer",        Key_Gold + "W");
    setkey ("switch_to_buffer",    Key_Gold + "S");

In addition to the standard keypad, newer DEC terminals (vt220 etc)
have a smaller keypad (Find, Insert here, Prev SCreen, etc....).  Key
sequences corresponfing to these keys have also been bound.

Finally, JED does not support any EDT line editing commands, nor are
there any plans to do so.
